I don't know well whatever I was feeling
I'm not but you guys came so close well
I know I'm sorry you guys you're just
gonna have to get used to the fact that
I will not be dating Ross
here he is hi guys this is rust huh
hey Ron
ha I've just got two more tables to
clean and then we'll go okay I'll just
sit here and chat with your friend type
people Rachel um hi hi okay so you know
what you're doing right ah waitressing
well yeah but no I mean doesn't doesn't
rest just remind you of someone huh Bob
Saget oh my oh what's wrong
I okay she's just upset because she she
buttered a spider into her toast this
morning
mm-hmm all right miss Pheebs this is
gonna be okay
Ross Ross Ross Ross hi hi are you a
friend of Rachel's yes yes I am
are you a UH a friend of Rachel's
actually I'm a kind of a you know uh
date type thing
Oh Rachel
a day yeah I'm her date oh oh you're uh
yeah oh you're the day you know this is
actually good because if we ever lose
Ross we have a spare you are the UH
paleontologist yes yes I am and you are
a Korea dontist see now there is
different as night and later that night
well I am going to get a beverage
it was nice nice meeting you ditto I uh
well I I met Roz oh hey I didn't know we
were seeing other people well we're not
seeing each other also well your
information there's a woman at the
Museum who's curator of moths and other
wing and things who's uh let it be known
that she is drawn to me much like a well
you know so hard to keep her at bay but
this is the deal well yeah this is the
deal okay well um have a nice evening
hey we're having some fun now hi Ross
one to another one uh Ross okay eleven
letters atomic element number 101 ends
in iam dysprosium dysprosium try
Mendeleev him and we nee number two has
it forest nine down nights in white
satin' was sung by the Doody blues
you don't see it you actually don't see
it
what okay honey you're dating Ross no
Pheebs I'm dating Russ Russ is Ross Ross
Ross
Steve sleeve okay no one is named sleeve
maybe what the hell are you talking
about other than their names being
similar I'm sorry I do not see what
you're seeing for your information it's
a card sharp not a card shark you could
not be more wrong you could try but you
wouldn't that be successful okay I'm
gonna get some more coffee before the
pinching and eye poking begins I know
what your problem is
oh you do do you hmm you're jealous of
what you're jealous because I'm a real
doctor
hey you're a doctor of gums that's the
smallest body part you can major in it's
like day one floss day two here's your
diploma weird listen no no let me finish
no let me finish no you let me fit hi hi